Add kyma cli release to the release guidelines (#291)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases/release-process.md

12. Create a spreadsheet with all open issues labeled as `test-missing`. Every team assigned to an issue must cover the outstanding test with manual verification on every release candidate. After the test is finished successfully, the responsible team must mark it as completed in the spreadsheet. Every issue identified during testing must be reported. To make the testing easier, provision a publicly available cluster with the release candidate version after you complete all steps listed in this document.

### kyma-project/cli

1. After making sure that Kyma is released, create a release branch in the `cli` repository. The name of this branch should follow the `release-x.y` pattern, such as `release-0.9`.

    ```bash
    git fetch upstream
    git checkout -b $RELEASE_NAME upstream/master
    ```

    >**NOTE:** This point applies only to new major and minor versions.

2. Ensure that the `KYMA_VERSION` variables on `Makefile` and `.goreleaser` file from the `cli` repository on the release branch contains the latest Kyma version that you just released.

3. Push the branch to the `cli` repository.

> 4. Create a PR to `cli/release-x.y`. This triggers the pre-submit job for `cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a PR to `cli/release-x.y`. This triggers the presubmit job for `cli`.
```
